Letter From Dr.Italic
*
  Hi, I'm Dr. Italic. All my life I have been devoted mysteries that has yet to be solved by science. Well, things happened. I've seen a lot,

curses in an ancient tribe, totems that were being praise by villages, but nothing seems real. Now I know I was wrong, maybe, just maybe, there is

really some kind of mighty power that is controlling our world. I came to this jungle, where no one has ever stepped on, with my own private

plane. Then, I saw a big beast. It attacked my plane, and my plane crashed onto the jungle after we dump some stuffs trying to release our

weight. All of the people died exept me, including the pilot, my long time friend, and my little snowman that I built to inspire myself. I was forced to search

and survive in this jungle. Until one day, a man came to me.

  He looks like a good guy, but I don't know where he came from, and he never tells me anything about his... anything. Only that he tells 
 
me that when I get the compass, I can know the secret of the jungle. Then, old stuff happen, adventure, mystery, beast attacking, all sorts

of things. Then I finally found the compass, and it leads me to the north. Right there, I saw a ruin, but as its name indicates, its actually

a huge castle, untouched by human, teeming with vines. In there, I saw a beast, very different than the one that I have fought, I got defeat in seconds. I thought that man was gonna

help me, but he doesn't. Later, I was trapped in the prison of the ruin. That man appears and talk to me, he claims himself Nero, the 

king of Roman, and all the beasts are his avatars. I was shocked, but I still accept his view point. Nero said that he was going to kill me

soon, and, without mercy, he actually did. I didn't die, as I know that, I become the tiniest dust, but not dead. It was until then, I know

the power of the Roman Aura that is active all the time which keep people in the jungle alive. Like you, you must have tried to explore the jungle

multiple times, don't you? But everytime you die, starved to death, beaten by the beast, you always come back at the origin, you never

die. That's the Roman Aura, keeping you alive all the time. Well, enough talk, now you know who am I, do what you must to ensure that I can get out of this endless cycle with my freedom and mind intact.

Sincerely,
Dr.Italic
Best Regard
*
